less/README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/less/less.js.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/less/less.js)
# [Less.js v1.6.3](http://lesscss.org)

> The **dynamic** stylesheet language. [http://lesscss.org](http://lesscss.org).

This is the JavaScript, and now official, stable version of Less.


## Getting Started

Options for adding Less.js to your project:

* Install with [NPM](https://npmjs.org/): `npm install less`
* [Download the latest release][download]
* Clone the repo: `git clone git://github.com/less/less.js.git`

## More information

For general information on the language, configuration options or usage visit [lesscss.org](http://lesscss.org).

Here are other resources for using Less.js:

* [stackoverflow.com][so] is a great place to get answers about Less.
* [Less.js Issues][issues] for reporting bugs


## Contributing
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md). Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

### Reporting Issues

Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues and read the [Issue Guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines), written by [Nicolas Gallagher](https://github.com/necolas/). After that if you find a bug or would like to make feature request, [please open a new issue][issues].

Please report documentation issues in [the documentation project](https://github.com/less/less-docs).

### Development

Read [Developing Less](http://lesscss.org/usage/#developing-less).

## Release History
See the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## [License](LICENSE)

Copyright (c) 2009-2014 [Alexis Sellier](http://cloudhead.io/) & The Core Less Team
Licensed under the [Apache License](LICENSE).


[so]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/twitter-bootstrap+less "StackOverflow.com"
[issues]: https://github.com/less/less.js/issues "GitHub Issues for Less.js"
[download]: https://github.com/less/less.js/zipball/master "Download Less.js"

Commit message:

Add jscs, update dependencies so everything works.

less/README.md, after:

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/less.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/less) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/less/less.js.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/less/less.js)
 [![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js.png)](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js#info=devDependencies) [![optionalDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js/optional-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/less/less.js#info=optionalDependencies)

# [Less.js](http://lesscss.org)

> The **dynamic** stylesheet language. [http://lesscss.org](http://lesscss.org).

This is the JavaScript, official, stable version of Less.


## Getting Started

Options for adding Less.js to your project:

* Install with [NPM](https://npmjs.org/): `npm install less`
* [Download the latest release][download]
* Clone the repo: `git clone git://github.com/less/less.js.git`

## More information

For general information on the language, configuration options or usage visit [lesscss.org](http://lesscss.org).

Here are other resources for using Less.js:

* [stackoverflow.com][so] is a great place to get answers about Less.
* [Less.js Issues][issues] for reporting bugs


## Contributing
Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md). Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

### Reporting Issues

Before opening any issue, please search for existing issues and read the [Issue Guidelines](https://github.com/necolas/issue-guidelines), written by [Nicolas Gallagher](https://github.com/necolas/). After that if you find a bug or would like to make feature request, [please open a new issue][issues].

Please report documentation issues in [the documentation project](https://github.com/less/less-docs).

### Development

Read [Developing Less](http://lesscss.org/usage/#developing-less).

## Release History
See the [changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## [License](LICENSE)

Copyright (c) 2009-2014 [Alexis Sellier](http://cloudhead.io/) & The Core Less Team
Licensed under the [Apache License](LICENSE).


[so]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/twitter-bootstrap+less "StackOverflow.com"
[issues]: https://github.com/less/less.js/issues "GitHub Issues for Less.js"
[download]: https://github.com/less/less.js/zipball/master "Download Less.js"
